# OIF - baked blog generator

One-Inch Frame (OIF) is a generator that converts Markdown, LessCSS, and
HTML source files into a complete website composed of static HTML files.
This sort of thing is known as a "baked blog."

OIF was written for my own use, but it's possible, however unlikely,
that someone, somewhere, would also find this useful. If nothing else,
it's an example of poorly written code.

The original (and still current) versions of OIF are written in PHP. It
calls an external binary to do the Markdown conversion (Fletcher Penny's
Multimarkdown), but can be converted to use PHP Markdown or any other
HTML generator, or even no generator at all.

In addition to the standard Markdown format, OIF allows for
inter-linking between pages using the "freelinking" format of double
square brackets, and includes a special [[w:format]] format for linking
to Wikipedia articles. More freelink formats may be added in the future.

The system supports a notion that I'm calling "supertags." A supertag is
an article with the same name as a tag. When the tags are generated, the
article's content will be prepended to the list of articles also using
that tag. Easier to use than describe.

OIF does not use a database. The generate.php script does not care if
files have been modified or not; it regenerates the whole site, on every
invocation. It generates my test site (about 400 small Markdown sources)
in under 7 seconds on my Macbook Pro.

The website generated by OIF includes an index page, pages for each
article, and pages for each tag used by the articles. The pages are
fully 'compiled' HTML, and have no need of any PHP or database, just a
web server.

The system uses metadata embedded in the source documents and
placeholders in the HTML templates to generate the output files.
